test Creating CSD01-2
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD01
button search
tableClick short CSD01
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 2
textInput name CSD01-2
menuInput currency GBP
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD01-3
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD01
button search
tableClick short CSD01
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 3
textInput name CSD01-3
menuInput currency USD
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD02-2
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD02
button search
tableClick short CSD02
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 2
textInput name CSD02-2
menuInput currency GBP
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD02-3
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD02
button search
tableClick short CSD02
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 3
textInput name CSD02-3
menuInput currency USD
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD03-2
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD03
button search
tableClick short CSD03
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 2
textInput name CSD03-2
menuInput currency GBP
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD03-3
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD03
button search
tableClick short CSD03
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 3
textInput name CSD03-3
menuInput currency USD
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD04-2
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD04
button search
tableClick short CSD04
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 2
textInput name CSD04-2
menuInput currency GBP
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD04-3
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD04
button search
tableClick short CSD04
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 3
textInput name CSD04-3
menuInput currency USD
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD05-2
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD05
button search
tableClick short CSD05
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 2
textInput name CSD05-2
menuInput currency GBP
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD05-3
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD05
button search
tableClick short CSD05
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 3
textInput name CSD05-3
menuInput currency USD
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD06-2
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD06
button search
tableClick short CSD06
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 2
textInput name CSD06-2
menuInput currency GBP
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD06-3
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD06
button search
tableClick short CSD06
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 3
textInput name CSD06-3
menuInput currency USD
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD07-2
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD07
button search
tableClick short CSD07
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 2
textInput name CSD07-2
menuInput currency GBP
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD07-3
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD07
button search
tableClick short CSD07
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 3
textInput name CSD07-3
menuInput currency USD
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD08-2
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD08
button search
tableClick short CSD08
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 2
textInput name CSD08-2
menuInput currency GBP
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD08-3
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD08
button search
tableClick short CSD08
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 3
textInput name CSD08-3
menuInput currency USD
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD09-2
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD09
button search
tableClick short CSD09
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 2
textInput name CSD09-2
menuInput currency GBP
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD09-3
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD09
button search
tableClick short CSD09
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 3
textInput name CSD09-3
menuInput currency USD
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD10-2
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD10
button search
tableClick short CSD10
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 2
textInput name CSD10-2
menuInput currency GBP
button save
sleep 3
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout

test Creating CSD10-3
description New CSD Account
goto AIX
login aix_user1 aix_pass1
menu participants
search s_part CSD10
button search
tableClick short CSD10
scrollto accounts-new-btn
clickby id accounts-new-btn
form admAccount
textInput short 3
textInput name CSD10-3
menuInput currency USD
button save
sleep 2
button approve
find textH1 View Account
sleep 2
expect pass
logout
